Don't worry, you're my future moon.
I won't do anything to you
What about this guy?
Break his leg.
You're good at throwing this out.
Come get him for me to marry him.
Senco, my brother-in-law, but the great young master Su Su Su Dong Lai, are you sure you want to fight me?
What is Dong Lai?
How can it be compared to Qin?
Come pull it out for me
I'm waiting for you to come to Qin Shang
Now the Ly and the To work together.
We can't do this.
It's okay.
So now I'm on the phone with Tiger and I say,
I want to do big business.
Talk to him.
To Dong Lan, I haven't told you about you robbing the Qin house yet.
Now it's related to the Ly family.
Then send you to die together.